oh my god it's episode 38 of Hotline
league I know I know we were we got
through the 37 episodes of the show all
to make it to this one this one right
here it's gonna be a spicy one you know
why we're gonna be talking about DSM and
that's all you guys ever really want to
talk about TSM TSM TSM TSM that's what I
hear you saying that's what I hear you
say that's what we're talking about in
the show tonight plus c9 they're rising
up there things are going well there's
some other stuff too you guys are gonna
dictate it really cuz you're calling in
so all that and more coming up right now
hot line League is brought to you by
omen by HP all right we're back on the
show tonight Monday the 30th of July
joined right now by two lovely people we
got Mark Zimmerman my constant co-host
how's it going mark hello great awesome
love to be here love doing this show
nothing else I'd rather be doing right
now you know when you say it like that
it doesn't sound genuine so I'm just
really bad at faking enthusiasm but it's
it is there or like I guess some baking
enthusiasts so honest right they're more
did I let that one how how's the desk
how's everything going are you kind of
in the doldrums right now there's
nothing too exciting happening at the on
the LCS unless you guys have settled in
uh no I mean like every week we're
usually doing some different things so
like we we got like this more like
relaxed discussion II look for when we
want to have more of like less of like I
here let me tell you about this thing
and more of like go let's discuss we
have like a couch chair like really high
armchairs we we have a cool piece of
software called Libre if you've seen any
of our segments that have like shit like
popping up or getting circled or like
moved around and stuff you know what
what does that mean have you not seen
any of this like the segment's where
like a champion will like grow extra big
to highlight him or like we did one
where we like removed a turret off the
map and then like because this Herot had
like one HP and they were fighting like
the turret was still there so we're like
you can't do that when the turret only
has one HP
oh this is how they should have like we
have like a lot of does that wind you
guys put a sail into the game no oh I
would have said that that's what I meant
Travis watching a lot of the analysts
test Travis seems like we're also joined
right now by Kelby may tell me May what
is that shirt that you're wearing it's
the shirt of my former employer which
means to say that I'm no longer eye
twitch that's right
I am now a full-time total war Warhammer
- streamer which is to say yeah full of
time I'm playing a lot of total war
Warhammer - and watching a lot of
different streamers so you're fired
no I I left the company but but if he
had been fired when that have been kind
of like a shitty way to bring it up mark
yeah he's trying to dodge if he hadn't
fired he's trying to make a joke about
how like he's just playing video games
now and Calmes got a thicker skin than
that you'd be fine yeah I have enough
Amazon stock to make me okay with that
joke oh boy oh boy uh but I
Soquel but you're not talking about we
were doing next not not quite yet okay
soon it's not like some giant secret
it's it's unwise a little secret a lot
of people do know already it's just that
I haven't spoken internally about like
how this is being messaged or and you
don't think that hotline League League
is the platform they would choose
because I'm pretty sure it's the
platform they would choose for the Train
I mean I will probably talk about it on
hotline League before anywhere else
because I'm not gonna like do something
like tweet or whatever yeah you think
they'll do that just lame are they gonna
do like a press release or something um
I don't think so
so then really I mean what what is the
better platform then this is the one
place no no I'm saying I will talk about
it on here first I'm not gonna like do
some tweet or something like oh okay for
my next new broderick good I love when
people do that they're like just like oh
give me attention tell me how good I am
in the industry uh I don't care but it's
cool I'm
twinkle twister thinks you're joining
TSM oh my god it all makes beer tweeted
that something was gonna change or
something jungle and soloqueue you know
well they said you're gonna be the mid
laner so I'm kind of did you know reddit
face off red beard since the problem so
you gotta go and realize it yeah I feel
I feel more confident in replacing Mike
younger Greg than than Bjork personally
immune from your own skill set or from
like if you were making a decision uh
from my own swell like one one position
you have to like Lane against another
person the other person you just hit
creeps and you sometimes like show up as
a surprise and then you know it's so
it's easy and I just you know Bjork
tells me where to go Ward yeah that like
he just walks me around the map and I'm
just a little bot and you know you hit
your skill shots and you're fine but
whereas the mid lanes heart I'm glad
that read it thinks that barracks the
problem though they always have the
right answers I tend to find you know
what I mean yeah
reddit yes they've they've been
instrumental and teaching me how to be
an interviewer yeah alright well that's
what what else do anything else going on
that you you can't talk about yeah I've
been playing a lot of total world war
hammer to we're playing total war
wherever to this past weekend Kelby that
I was I played it last night I played it
last night you weren't on when I was on
playing were you Travis these grievances
and that's really where it's more
interesting than what's going on we was
gone all weekend number one teams in
North America Kobe no they're not number
one are they number one they're tied
okay here's a better question Kelvin
here's a better question how did you
watch LCS my Calvi what was your wife
doing this weekend my wife was getting
shui stood up and net so one of
good friends is getting married or one
of her good friends is getting married
she's in the wedding so like they did
like some girls trip up which
essentially is code for the husbands are
coming along but the women all planet
and what it turns into is like the women
all get wasted doing wine testings and
the guys babysit and like they got a
limo and they're drinking the limo and
of course the women are controlling the
music playlist all completely wasted all
singing shit at the top of their lungs
I'm just sitting there like sober as a
as a fucking I don't know just like
staring out the window like thinking
about total over here or - yeah just
like what what led me to this point in
time and I go but then at the same time
it's like I'm earning so many brownie
points like there's so much shit I'm not
gonna have to do because I did this like
you can do it you can power through and
then like we go out white they come back
they're all completely crashed out by
7:00 o'clock just passed out all the
dudes or they're just hanging out like
okay so and they ended up talking about
like I don't know boring do you are you
active investment accounts what are you
actually friends with these other dudes
or is it basically ends up friends yikes
yeah there they were like cool guys one
guys is like a former gaming addict so
that was nice trying to get him yeah
like he is a apparently has a very
addictive personality so I was like
trying to get him back into video games
you know what I mean I was like dude he
was like so if I couldn't own a PC you
know because I'd get too obsessed with
it like where do I go like a LAN cafe or
whatever and I was like man come on you
just got to come back in hardcore don't
be a little bitch you know what's more
important in your life you know your
wife's attention happiness your
employment or playing a bunch of video
games I know what I've chosen you know
play this is hop on board dude it's
great because if you're you know
persuasion worked your wife will never
want you to meet any of her friends ever
again that's true never go on these
trips so that was a great mood yeah I
hate yourself blacklisted from these
trips and then you're good yeah all
right
all right to the show to the show
all right so let's Ben what's been going
on
I guess tsm's been losing which i think
is is finally becoming a big
conversation there's a four-way tie at
quote-unquote sixth but that goes all
the way down tonight yeah and two of
those teams have three-game losing
streaks to get there and CLG TSM isn't
sealed you wanna four-game losing streak
maybe it's for now teams are fun and
TSM's one in five in their last six yeah
so mark how do how do I know more about
recent results than you do I'm just
curious
I'm still on like Saturday prep I'm just
like I think in jokes I learned all
these numbers for the show on Sunday and
I'm like yeah there
it's luckily you don't you haven't had
your Saturday there your next week
Saturday prep so you don't know last
Sunday secondly Sunday prep I guess like
we all meet after Saturday and we all
have a big meeting about all the numbers
in my head haven't been updated yet okay
team Snickers in third place though
that's and optic there are optics in
fifth somebody yelled at me on Twitter
cuz I said TSM falling Cena and rising
and some and one of the viewers one of
the passionate viewers who I really
appreciate cuz he's a nine month sub I
was like what about optic they've been
waiting why are you talking about a c9
instead of optic I'm like well cuz
who's talking about optic all right I'm
time optic let's read it sorry about
optic you see Dhokla have two front page
interviews this weekend or something I
didn't write that two up there I think
did you not interviews dhokala no I took
Sunday officers carry player in North
America so what people people don't know
this and I'll say it now even though I'm
worried about when this video is gonna
come out just burden is our healer
but I went behind the scenes with Team
Liquid on Sunday so in so doing
interviews on Sunday I I got to do
basically like a ride-along and film the
whole experience of hanging out with
them so so you got to dick ride double
if some more for your content Jesus
Christ did I see you backstage mark
I don't remember maybe we walked past
each other yeah you just what I'm in
this no more babies I don't notice
anything yeah
TSM CLG three zero three I think optics
like two and six still have they won
foreigner oh yeah and they never had a
to a weekend in their history like
didn't have any in spring and then they
had their first one last weekend and
their second one this week how how much
in trouble would would North America be
from like a brand perspective if we sent
fly quest optic and gold of guardians to
Worlds wait how would we send we're not
gonna send those three that's like I
mean I got what you're like everyone is
so neck-and-neck and like all these
games feel like coin flips that like if
that for some reason translated into a
best-of-five and we sent these two or
these three teams yeah I just I don't
know if I think they probably turn off
the North American broadcast at that
point in time they just make it all you
casters and I think any fans be pumped
because then they oh yeah
they'd be like good thing cheer sun's
not there to disappoint us again yeah
yeah good thing we've got other teams to
disappoint us
yeah has anything not disappointed you
guys yeah well hunters in the chat right
now sitting sitting sad faces about we
making fun of golden Guardian how I feel
happy if we're he were he should feel
happy we were at a point in time in
North American LCS history where we are
speculating on the idea that golden
Guardians can link it to Worlds if you
go from the end of last split to now
this is massive improvement yeah yeah
exactly
what are you gonna say Kelby I was I was
gonna I was gonna quiz you on whether or
not you could name all of the optic
starters but I'm sure that you can
because I was thinking to myself can I
name all the optics yeah it's like
lemonnation down there and marks on
spring split prep for optic you know
those numbers have those that roster
hasn't been updated
I've been watching a lot of Fortnight
recently guys oh dear
who's your favorite for tonight streamer
I'm kidding but ninja yeah that's the
easy one you just throw that baby out
there um alright so we're having a lot
of fun but I think some interesting
topics for the show to kind of prep some
of the callers I think there's an
interesting conversation we had about
TSM because up until now I think it was
easy to sort of say like well TSM you
know they're all taking trades they're
like certain points time they rise they
fall now they are three games behind
first place which is pretty significant
when you have only a couple more weeks
left and it doesn't look like they're
improving conversely I think cloud 9 is
in an interesting situation where like
the are actually kind of starting to
show up with the roster change and like
could they make a run of it I think it'd
be fun by the way it'd be fun I'm gonna
throw this out there and whoever can
conceptualize it this the right way and
wear a mark will pole I'm sure talk
about the League of Legends MMO that
work or mark Merrill said might happen
that are asked about and then said never
mind it was just a joke but I think it's
a terroristic conversation I think
please have more to say than that thing
that like that upload to the front page
on Sunday I think it was when it was
like just imagine in MMO League of
Legends Edition and then they literally
said nothing about gameplay mechanics or
anything they're like can you just
imagine being a Nazi an assassin with
shurima armor and doing the quest can
you imagine that and it's like know what
it that's not a game anyway look at the
shit I might have like 800 uploads we go
that's that's the reddit thread that
makes you a great out of all the
potential where the threads it I know
there's a lot that deal but that one
also me angry
I don't know so there's that I really
don't want to talk about this echo Fox
Academy thing that maybe mark wants to
handle it I don't know I mean I'm down
talking about it but just like I don't
even know what's going on there's the
TSM race which is interesting I don't
know how much there's talk about that
but that's the thing that happened
and then smoothie to echo Fox I think
that actually got announced right after
we yeah we missed that we missed all the
echo Fox changes with like loss coming
up yeah I'm kicking like half their team
there's also the Apollo Hawk ooh-ho
Lehrer bench ings for piggie like he's
back in the LCS yeah there's a lot of
roster stuff last week that we haven't
seen piglet in a long time chaotic
Blizzard wants to know Kelly's opinion
on Total War runeterra
the the room tears the world that League
of Legends takes place in Kelly so it
would be like a League of Legends
oh I know you don't really up-to-date on
that legal or yeah terminology I was
thinking runescape for some reason yeah
alright anyway uh mark you want to
explain a little bit about how this
works yes that would love to so for
anyone who has not seen how this show
works I'll be spamming the twitch chat
right now with the discord link you're
gonna want to join up in discord and
when you get there there are gonna be
two channels you're gonna need to join
there's gonna be an audio channel called
pleb calls or Club calls to join either
of those and then you can meet yourself
once you're in there and then in the
pleb topics text channel you're gonna
want to post your takes so ideally we're
looking for your opinion on something
not just a question and try and be a
little bit specific so if you're like I
think TSM is doomed you know try and say
why if you think - yes I'm fine say why
if you think an MMO would be sick
say why more than just like I think an
MMO would be sick so actually what Mark
can you imagine being an oxime assassin
though can you just imagine being in
daxing assassin think about it what it
what's the gaint like how do i play is
it so like you think about talon you
take contracts think about talon and
that's you you know but you don't get to
play as any of the heroes yeah yeah but
you're kind of like that that character
yeah
when is your level like 350 then you're
essentially as strong as a hero anyways
after a little kick I'll pull you into
the waiting room you'll hang out until
it's your turn they will do a quick Mic
Check make sure you're good to go and
then we'll pull you into the call
and if you are a sub first off thank you
we've been we're climbing back up the
sub ladder after falling for a little
bit so thank you for your support you
can hover over the screen and it'll tell
you if your amazon prime sub is up but
being a sub does help you get into that
sub chat where you can put your
questions it moves a little slower so it
doesn't really guarantee you or the
ability to get in but it does give you a
little bit of a better chance so it's
kind of our thank you to the subs of the
show also just supporting it so mark is
pulling people right now it's gone real
slow and it's going slow you guys
apparently don't you don't have any no
no like there there's a lot of topics
I'm just reading really slow yeah he's
he's slacking
how you doing Kelby I'm doing great
yeah very good I was it did you
intentionally wear a twit shirt on the
day that you would be announced on
you're not at twitch anymore or was it
just caused at all that you put on no I
just I like the shirt I like the shirt
it's a good shirt so I just realized
some people typing in this thing or not
not actually in the voice channels yep
you have to be in the voice Channel guys
otherwise we can't pull you how's your
campaign going right now Travis uh I had
a rough start to my vampire-killing
no one in the voice channels I can't
pull anyone because apparently you need
- when did you start it you need to do
it very specifically I think I started
it Saturday night and then I started get
my feet more underneath me actually
so van Ron said I had to go like turn 2
or turn 3 take dragon off yeah and I
historical with that for a while because
I was I played as a Bella of course
instead of yeah that's oh I just did I
mean I think it's the exact same for
Isabel as it is for glide essentially
yeah but that that all the armies are
very different than any of the armies
I've fought before cuz everything else
yeah and like some soldiers and then
some archers right and that's not the
case here so it's taking a little bit to
get used to mark is pulling our first
person right now
they're pretty cool with all their
monsters and shit did you see if Enron
got donated $1,250 by one person what's
his name
it's like oh yeah did he donate so he
closed it was now he can go to twitchcon
it's like the full amount he needed to
be able to make it to twitchcon sam so
it's a fucking boss well last night he
was playing the Goblin Lord that he
hates he was getting on Dean hello
portal Satan immature poor Oh Satan what
do you think about total world Warhammer
- oh not too much about it not really my
said the game all right next caller
you're not our type of kanpur Oh Satan
porous alert remind me where you're
calling from oh you're a little bit what
serious near Syracuse New York are you
in the car right now I am NOT look I
don't know why it sounds Soviet Carmelo
Anthony Oh cute
yeah I went to that college I I feel
like I can only say positive I mean he
gave like almost a billion dollars of my
school so did he really
oh yeah okay what do you want to talk
about in the show tonight
person well first I want to refresh
everyone poor Oh Satan was the the guy
who initially called in I don't know if
people saw on reddit there's like the
the repost of its Coulson
yeah that TSM would not make either
finals and wouldn't make worlds yeah and
you look like an idiot now or a Satan
thanks for doing that
you got me what's called like a second
round on YouTube where you post a video
and then it gets a second wind you know
it's just awesome so so go ahead and
give you just want to remind people in
case cuz you don't even go on reddit so
you didn't know that that had like 500
600 up votes and was yeah so what what
do you what do you got for us
so I'm really shocked that people are so
surprised that TSM can fail the season
because they're just basing this idea
that TSM is always going to do well when
I think you can easily argue that last
season it was bio Frost and doublelift
that kept the team solid I'm in no way
saying that your extent isn't good but
if you only keep two people and then you
pull in people from Europe it's not
gonna end well I mean there was a period
of time where hauntzer was pretty hard
carrying TSM I don't I don't think it
was by the time they got to worlds but
Han Sur helped them have a pretty good
run there for a while mark I mean I am I
am I wrong in this well I think the
double appointment tell the whole story
because there was a split that he took
off
and yes I'm gone for half last year yeah
and they still won the split right yo
you know I don't think it's I agree that
like he's a very big factor and that
makes a lot of sense but it wasn't like
that team was double this team in fact
he was on a different team that split
for the last part of it and they still
made it so even having doublelift on a
different team on the team he's on right
now they were able to make it to finals
that is true but I feel like na is
always on a different meta than everyone
else like funnel strat is happening a
ton in Europe don't really see it in MA
and then when spend Amethi came over you
know perks is not bjergsen and ii just
assume that someone that is a star in
one region is gonna come here and do
well doesn't always pan out you had for
a while when whom he first came over he
wasn't really doing that well in na
especially right after immortals went
away that's not saying huni's bad player
he wasn't really fitting in na but what
does this have to do with the man when
did he not fit in na um back like right
after immortals went away cuz he was in
chat he was in Korea I thought he's been
sorry--but did not fit
yeah he was what was it there a period
when he came back over with Michael Fox
when they weren't winning right away no
they were as soon as you yeah this split
arguably the past couple of weeks is the
first time who knees ever looked bad and
since he went to fnatic in Europe
forever ago you know like he's always
like well why would you guys say that
TSM is doing poorly this season well so
I don't I didn't rewatch the segment
that made it back on the front page I
read the cup that's like every redditor
a controversial video admittedly one
that we were even in and we didn't look
at it we don't know anything about it we
just read the comments and read it
disagreed with you still porosus I
remember what I said either because I
remember based off like the the reddit
comments jog my memory you were saying
that like spent like part of the thing
was you didn't even think that people
they were getting were that good and
that was where a lot of people took
issue because apparently you said spen
is worse than sneaky and 6a which I
don't want to go into that argument
again but either way I'm curious if I
ever made the argument that like I
somewhat agreed or so part of what it
was is again just understand how I tried
what I was bringing up with how I think
who any plays different than anyone else
top lane and na na ABC is loved to be
super hyper aggressive in a way you
don't see in Europe and I didn't think
that that place aisle would work here
but I also preface this with na is weird
super aggressive play style that always
screws them over in world yeah so to
that point I think it's not like any
spot lanes are all super agro like
smoothie and sneaky sometimes were but
sneaky also has a like a long history of
not being super aggro same with all tech
even though you know he's gone that but
he's been on a lot of top for placing
teams there are some that can make it
work but I think the big thing is you
need to combo it with someone who will
be the aggressor if it's not going to be
your bot lane
so like Cody's son was not a super
aggressive balling his his numbers were
really pretty low for four percentage of
stuff like that but you know you need to
have aggression somewhere on the map and
I think to your point that's something
that with that TSM roster they were
everyone was saying well Mike Young's
gonna bring the aggression Mike Young's
gonna bring the aggression because it's
not gonna be bjergsen and it's not gonna
be spending mithy because back on g2
that was Perks who was the aggressor and
then Mike Young doesn't work out and now
you have no aggression on your team to
like lead your play making in the early
game and I think that's that's the
problem we're seeing now that I think
you pretty somewhat correctly we're
talking about well I also pour say
typically just to get back to your
initial take which was I you didn't
understand why people thought this team
was gonna do well I still stand like I
think that TSM failing this year is one
of the most interesting things about
this year because on paper they should
have done well you've got bjergsen
you've got this historic you Mike Young
was like the biggest question mark and
admittedly like ended up being the
question mark which is I think where if
I were you I'd be hinging my argument
it's like oh they've got to Sun tested
rookie like it's more competitive but
like this was still a rookie that had
shown promise you know Haunter had
always looked good and then what you
import is the best in the West right
people literally called him that with
they were or if they weren't at least it
was an interesting debate and you they
have far more experience and they were
on teams that did incredibly well and
myth he supposedly had all this insight
and almost of he brings it here it
should be an award-winning formula now
again and again we've seen super teams
fail and I think TSM could be considered
like an attempt at a super team but it
is surprising that they have failed and
I think is one of the reasons why it's
probably hard for them to figure out how
to fix it what my guess would be because
I was actually a big g2 fan but I was
always under the impression that one
perks is the aggressive one starting
stuff but he was also the main
shot-caller and it's not saying that
spend is bad but I almost think of him
as like
an attack dog that isn't told where to
go when like he is used to having a very
good shot caller backing him and I don't
think bjergsen was set to do yeah I've
always heard that it was Miffy that was
the person that's that's one of the big
things that they at least who knows how
much they really did this but publicly
they sold the fact that the reason they
were getting this botlane was actually
more for the Miffy had because they
wanted an aggressive shot calling
support and the reason they brought
spend with him was because that duolan
has existed for so long together and so
you know if they thought it made more
sense they might have done double if
Miffy but then they want to just bring
the whole bottling over and so that's
kind of how they sold it and then the PR
statements was like he was gonna be a
big vocal point was Miffy was supposed
to be well I also do wanna reference cuz
this is something that I couldn't see
coming and this meta is super weird and
I I was actually one of people defending
cloud9 when they did all these roster
changes early because I mean we're
seeing a meta we're fakers even wanting
to bunch himself it's that is a factor
that we have to admit because I'm not
saying that I like fly quests and optic
are horrible but some of the games it
looks like there were just some flukes
going on yeah yeah I think it's uh maybe
for a little bit it was that way where's
like oh man that was kind of a fluke II
way for TSM to lose but I think it's
like those kind of have like a
cumulative effect that like after
getting fluked on a couple times he
really starts like feel bad about
yourselves and that's what I think you
know you saw I think was Cody Suns
interview that's actually mentioning
that words he said like it kind of feels
like they're all losing faith in each
other we're like yeah the slow starts a
spring and then they thought they were
figuring it out and then they also kinda
added confidence and then they lost in
spring playoffs I'm kind of like oh shit
and then they swap their jungler and
then things are still not going right
and I think it's over the course of the
year tailed down to where there is a
legitimate problem beyond like say we
need synergy and stuff
Kelby do you want to close us out on
this topic
you guys have done a super excellent job
really that's it that's all we get from
you I mean what what else do you want me
to contribute here anything
poor Oh Satan thank you so much for your
call really appreciate congrats on being
right before although I think it's
questionable give us another give us
your hottest hot take to see if you'll
be right - yeah nice golden Guardians
two worlds what is it I'm trying to
figure out how much faith I want to put
to them
I think cloud 9 will get at least third
to split so go get at least third and
they'll be in the gauntlet having to
prove themselves right mm-hmm I think
they could go to Worlds I have faith in
blabber but I don't know I'm also really
confused by half and suspense Karen I
thought he was good I don't know this is
the softest take out with the good big
night maybe nothing right okay
okay life with this man if they stop
pulling people out and swapping stuff
around they probably could be one of the
top teams I think they will hit that
third place thought but I also question
what's going on there's something but I
place them like a lot of other team okay
still the softest take ever I'll say
that's not that soft it's just soft in
comparison to your first day I mean they
could get third is not no that's not a
take don't guess sir I think they can do
better than third key okay thank you so
much for your call thank you so much for
your lukewarm take you're at something
right before I will see you on a future
episode Hey moving on to our next caller
all righty
a couple of shout outs we got we're king
shady lamp shadows am EXCI bear Jew puny
house frost slash Arista for three
months Travis you're the best and I
found out how and it could make it to
Worlds out of worlds groups and how
summer split made me have this idea Rico
suave eight six one nine three reset for
seven months hey hope everyone's going
well just go
that's not a quick question platypuses
zero Nauru wild armed fty shall blaze
zharko knows and real foxy one donate $5
and says congrats to Kelly I'm joining
the chainsmokers to make them great
again Wow he leaked your new premier new
project I'm back what happened dan goos
what do you got to talk to us about on
the show today and first off where are
you from I'm from Houston Houston okay
thanks for calling him from Houston what
do you want talk about mm Oh topic the
MMO topic okay what do you what do you
think my basic take is I think it's
gonna massively fail I'm right game
haven't shown that they can innovate
within the same genre so I think that
tackling something like an MMO which
have remained stagnant for the past
however a long year I fail to see why
anybody placing fate in right game being
able to pull it off so you think there's
no way right could make an interesting
in the mouth no I uh because first of
all it even if you're talking about
lower their lower is a shit show it's
been wrecked I'm I I would agree with
you maybe two weeks ago but they've been
rolling out like crazy
yeah but they do that leave you recently
recently they do they do a burst out of
it yeah they do a burst of lore and then
they will go quite this I actually agree
with the caller on the lore think they
do a burst of lore get everyone excited
everyone's like oh my God look at this
they're telling stories it's all flesh
out and then nine months later they'll
be like um never mind
actually his fortune there's a fighter
pilot we have a map now okay we've had
to have so many times before there used
to be a map each location in that math
though like do they have enough story to
until like so can I can I enter can I
share my thoughts on this one yeah so I
think as far as actually riots ability
to innovate or improve on an existing
genre League of Legends is a very good
testament
how they are able to do so because they
took dota and they changed it and they
made it the most popular mobile game in
the world however I do think that riot
undertaking an MMO would be a massive
disaster because on the technology
development and platform side they suck
and that shit is real important for
mmo's in I don't know at that point
there I think my point is more on that
rather than the gameplay aspect I agree
the gameplay is like massively improved
from the original dota but from client
side trim up avenge active opinion there
in terms of like how dota running their
event having like extra game oh anything
like that I think I was doing a better
job at that and I think I'm putting part
of the MMO is also having regularly
release content and new content yeah but
they're good about that they are really
good about yeah yeah yeah I think I just
don't think it would run well I think
that they would do a terrible job
optimizing it well so so there's two
ways to look at it one riot surmounted
technological challenges that nobody
ever had to face before because it was
the first game that was ever this huge
and so like they've given multiple
presentations that like Hadoop
conferences and big data conferences and
all this stuff on like like how they
built out their ice beat all the crazy
things they had to do so I do think from
a in certain areas of technology they've
done really well in terms of certain air
in like other areas where they've tried
to develop like client-side experiences
and all that stuff it is not good like
clashes only the is an example that's a
is like I have no doubt that they could
set up a server and have it have be
great and I don't even think like the
lore would be that bad like it obviously
needs to do a lot more with it I don't
but like I I think a lot of like generic
fantasy Laura stuff is actually like not
that complicated and for the most part
it's about like giving people a fun
world that they get engaged in and then
they get attached to the stories even
though they're mostly like trophy
largely but I think the class
problem and like how many projects get
canceled at riot and like all those kind
of things that happen would be like the
reason the MMO would suck or never see
the light of day is like it's such a
large undertaking anyways and like it
feels like whenever riot tries to do
something like that just doesn't just
flops so second point out there sure yes
so since riot is under $0.10 well you
got to be okay with $0.10 creating an
MMO with the league IP well $0.10
doesn't really I don't think ten some
just owns a ton of game developers they
don't really yeah developed some
myselves but you you think like should
$0.10 take the League of Legends IP and
give it to somebody else yes
I wouldn't say yes unless I knew who
that other company was because like
usually I think a lot of the companies
the $0.10 owns they have stakes in like
a lot of like the Western publishers but
they don't really like I don't want them
to give league to Blizzard that would be
weird and I don't think like Epic Games
or pub G or somebody like well I just I
think the biggest concern would be like
if they do make it themselves it becomes
a very like Chinese experience where
there's like a ton of pay to pay to win
type stuff and like all those kind of
concerns like I don't really like the
Korean MMO experience I used to play
lineage to a lot like how crazy-ass
grindy those games are and from what I
know about Chinese MMO is like I just
don't think I would enjoy those but if
it does well for their own market which
is pretty far the largest like it's off
it's hard to say no yeah so I don't know
here's here what's funny is I think we
all seem to agree that it would fail
here's my reason why it would fail I
think one it's just super hard to make
an MMO anybody I so so I listened to the
podcast this past weekend that reckful
did with Marc Merrill and in between
breakfast
strange laughter I had Brett mark
Merrill said something about how he
thinks that it would take like half a
billion dollars to do it right
because you matter like innovation like
because Y was so far ahead of everybody
else
yeah and or the amount of like
investment you would need to make to
like create a better experience than
what they've done because they've got
all this like legacy and all like the
process and all stuff that it would just
be such an enormous undertaking that
like it would be insane to pull off and
you know the risk is so high there and
so I think that's what it is is that
like I just don't know if the world is
ready for another MMO I think the next
big MMO will have to be something that
takes place that is so different from
anything that we've seen so to date like
something that transcends all different
platforms or something that's VR or
something that is you don't like
something that involves you as a person
in real life like there's just it's just
I think it's got to be something way
wildly different so we all agree we all
agree
it can't happen but it's fun to think
about what do you what do you think the
odds are that game two is actually an
MMO it's zero is that after hearing what
Mark said on the podcast and also mark
like they they released riot released a
they kind of recanted they step back and
they were like oh yeah he was just
asking a question
as the Marc Merrill standard is and so I
think there's a 0% chance like these
guys need to release just something else
at this velocity get something how that
was a game was like that team of that
cho'gath eats the world yeah yeah yeah
else out first yeah get like a real show
me you can do like a hearthstone or a
mobile game or something that is and
then and then get ready make me a
goddamn League of Legends gotcha game
for mobile what's a gotcha game
summoners war Fire Emblem Heroes fake
granddaughter for a while they pulled it
eventually I don't know why but they had
a league of Legends tower defense game
on when they first launched somebody
they're just made like a little League
of Legends tower defense game and it was
it used to be on the iOS store and it's
been long gone and
one's forgotten about it but it was a
game that you could play and demo done
by right hey thank you thank you so much
for the call all right thank you thanks
teen we need to take a break first you
need to get one more call right no we
need one more
we have contractual obligations to
fulfill that we won't fulfill if we
don't get another coloring it's time to
talk to you guys about something
you've heard me do the song and dance
before but I've got something different
for you on this episode we could have
long teased
I've long teased that I've been working
on something behind the scenes with Owen
by HP and now I can tell you that coming
out on August 1st in two days will be
the debut of a show called GG well
played our good game well played it is a
show that features it's like a deep dive
into a single individual single
competitor the first episode is about
bio frost and I have a trailer to show
you
I need mark and Kelby to not talk while
I show you this trailer because they
won't be able you don't want a live
reaction the you guys won't be able to
hear it cuz the way that's like Skype I
can barely get Skype to do what it did
three weeks ago let alone me routing you
guys audio I can watch it off the stream
and just be reacting 20 seconds behind
okay do that here we go
I wasn't really thinking about like the
possibility of becoming a pro player I
had this whole like plaid like mapped
out and obviously it's
[Music]
had no affinity for the game I'm a
competitive person so I wanted to beat
my friends I played the game a lot more
what do you think you're communicating
when you're walking down here right now
I'm screaming I'm flanking this could be
possibly the game-winning two fight
we're any of those problems with you the
system that we had wasn't necessarily
working it's scary to think like any
moment could be the last time then
you're gonna be up there
[Music]
so there you go there's the trailer yeah
I think they really tried to one of the
goals for the show oh I should leave
that up one of the goals for the show
was to create something that was like
I'd seen like big production really cool
deep dives into teams or documentaries
or stories this is all about a single
individual I mean just helping bio Frost
sort of tell his story so it's a long
interview that I do with him and then
there are moments where we step aside
and like I mean for mobile it's just
like deep dives with him into I keep
sinking deep dives does sort of a look
at his game play with him we have sort
of like some more fun elements so just
some side conversations and it's all
kind of with this one big interview
through so I really hope that it does
well when you guys see it if you you go
on write it and talk about it again
it'll be out August first
you can retweet it all this stuff is
really helpful because I think there's
nothing to me I can't think of a show
that's been done like this round like a
single individual with this much love
and passion poured into it so look it's
the first episode I'm not saying this
thing's gonna be absolutely
life-changing but I think it's really
cool I think it's neat I'm glad they did
it and it was it was cool enough they
helped me alright I got to pick or I got
to help pick the first person and I
think bio Frost is a great example of
this because people don't know a story
too well it's kind of a new rookie so
either way coming out on August 1st stay
tuned for that and go check out the omen
by HP YouTube channel which I will drop
into chat right now you can go ahead and
subscribe to it and then you'll see that
that's where it'll be dropping so it'll
be there not my YouTube channel but if
you are watching with odd right now you
can click the link over and check it out
moving on to yeah why what was up what
some of the letters being squishy the
letters being squishy squish it out like
fine like there's an e that was really
long I I don't know I didn't see I don't
see what you're referencing I'll have to
talk to you about it later
because I don't
okay great plug mark yeah I I waited
till it was over before I asked
questions all right we need to talk to
mark about not getting up and leaving
during your sponsor plugs as well that I
don't mind him doing that cuz they're
really the I handle the plug yeah yeah I
just feel a lot of my content is based
off of a network called like the TWiT
podcast networked run by Leo Laporte and
he actually liked his guests can go do
other things or whatever when he's doing
plug because they're not like owned by
HP sponsors the show they sponsor me
they don't necessarily want to mark so I
think it's okay well everyone so you're
saying marks replaceable
everyone's replaceable Kelby there you
go he's in here can't be own seventh is
here
he's a twitch sub am i pronouncing that
right yes okay can't be on seventh what
no your ass a sling now because I have
the thing linked up also so it can i
echos okay
thank you for being a twist up really
appreciate is that it's like an anime
meme is your icon in discord what were
you calling from what you don't know
satima that's how you pronounce his name
right yeah okay I'm from Oxnard
California okay so that's you far what
do you want to talk about on the show
how can we na get out of worlds groups
and how the summer split made me think
of it
sorry can you elaborate a little bit
more basically how when I thought of
this question I was thinking more of IMT
1016 where how Adrian's like the bottom
four bottom group of champions were
different than most of the world so when
they face like all any teams they smash
them up oh I see so you're saying yeah
what team teams IMT was an innovative
team
and thus maybe other any teams that are
trying to kind of get out of the slog or
the mess or the mire that is the
standings right now of anything else yes
they should be looking to innovate more
yeah yes when CLG went to MSI they took
his pull and they kind of smashed them
basically after mu with sticks a both
being a great bot Lane duo managed to
wipe them kind of get like good
standings and then also with Ephraim his
own iteration of his pool managed to
also help them go above and beyond there
everyone played well in that team smithy
has great dragon like play with kindred
darshan top lane who he innovation and
having so his pool being kind of good
having the aurelion sol that no one
played all of it made its way they could
get hind the standings but with the
innovation which IMT did help them kind
of have that edge because mostly in that
meta most of all the other worlds with
not playing ranged supports which I like
I reviewed a little bit to back it up
and once that kind of happened most of
them like kind of you know expanded
their pool bring out some other stuff
and kind of did yeah okay so that was
the that was the big story with CLG was
in group stage they played a lot of
range supports that no one was familiar
with and then a really in Seoul as well
giving them a lot of like they played
with more priority than any other team
at that tournament was playing with in a
key moving advantage so mark we've
talked about this a little bit and that
we especially at the beginning of the
split we're just imported in North
America and that rift rivals kind of
highlighted a lack of innovation from
North America I don't want to say the
word Heimerdinger because I say it so
many times but you guys know deftly had
highs and Dawn given balloons anyway so
we we had this conversation about all
this and in some sense but do you think
do you think that right now North
America should start trying to really
push itself and try different champions
different role
really mess around a bit so there was a
really interesting desk interview we did
with JJ where he was on the analyst desk
helping break down a game and one of the
things he talked about how was like the
one of the things he thinks made the
bottom teams from last split high in the
standings right now in this split was
that like none of the top teams screamed
them like all the top teams mostly scrim
each other so like you know TL is
playing echo Fox hundred thieves for the
most part and stuff like yeah definitely
hinted at that he said TSM is elitist
with their scrims right which like a lot
of teams in each region only want to
scrim the best teams but for that they
were saying was golden Guardians optic
fly quest all kind of developed their
own meta that they had a read on
compared to the top teams and they think
that they had a better read on the meta
than the top teams who were like less
prone to innovating and so that results
in kind of you seen the standings now
where a lot of those teams are actually
doing better than the you know some of
the top teams historically so I think
it's a pretty interesting idea about
like needing to innovate it's just you
can't just innovate for innovation sake
and just be like look at this wacky pic
I found like it it needs to also make
sense and I'm sure that's now there are
the bottom teams you and you can't get
access to the top you can start looking
at what they're doing and start trying
to kind of break them by pulling out
different picks and a lot of stuff yeah
well I think it's also partially Oh on
say luck but like someone has a good
idea and like they just start doing it
you know and like no it's it's like once
that gets exposed like the hybrid or
senior thing was like and I don't I
don't even want to talk about it but
like in Europe chardon inflate it
Saarinen was like showed that whole
region like look how fucking broken this
is and then like na once they saw it in
Europe should have tried it more than
they did but they didn't want to aside
for definitely and then when rift rivals
happen then they kind of jammed it down
our throats and we had to respect it and
even now there's really only definitely
still playing it so I think like it can
be hard to find that innovative pick but
like once you see something that seems
really strong like you should probably
try it instead they just saying like oh
that only works for them tell me that's
yeah and I think too it's not just like
necessarily about one or two picks but
finding like the combination of meta
picks that really really work for your
team and getting like honed in on them I
think like in all games we we see the
same sort of scenario where like teams
just feel super comfortable with what
they're playing and like to a certain
degree like you have to if you're just
always trying to copy what you think is
best and you don't really have your own
take on things then you're your net I
don't think you're ever gonna be fully
comfortable in what you're doing because
really you're just trying to imitate
imitate somebody else instead of you
doing your own like comfort play or run
your read on like what's what's good
it's not just in league like we see it
all the time in other games as well yeah
that that said like you still have to
you know branch up sometimes cuz this
weekend TSM played like their most
comfort it ever even though it's like
not very strong the meadow where they
had like gnar syndra as real Brom and
like those are all like okay some of
them are pretty good but they just like
went super comfort and they still lost
and it's like all right yeah well I mean
so like I said comfort meta pics yeah
infernal says hi murmurs largely ignored
and has a zero win rate in lck they
haven't been dick by it yet I swear to
God like they're they're just they
they're not like these gods of like I
don't know how to put like maturity or
anything that like people think they are
necessarily so like they see like I
don't even know if they know what's
worked in Europe maybe they saw and
they're like alright we tried it but
none of them are good at himer like the
same reason like it happened in na we're
like a bunch of people in any tried it
but they didn't like really learn it
correctly coaches are gonna fly highs
and dong out for uh I'm saying it's like
if they didn't if they didn't put that
effort in they're not gonna respect the
same way they didn't respect na at
twenty sixteen rif rivals when it's like
what the fuck are they doing with range
supports that's so dumb
and then they get dicked on by range
supports and they then they pick it up
you know like they like a lot of Korean
strategies are stolen from China or
stolen from other places like even the
zigs bottom thing was actually started
by shifter and then like Korea did pick
that one up but like they're they're not
I don't think Korea is inherently a more
innovative region or anything like that
what if mark what if we've always
thought the r-1 tricks have been holding
us back
what if our one tricks are a resource we
should leverage the moment some zany pic
shows up we get the one trick to this
coach everybody in the NA LCS on it and
then and then we were just all ready for
worlds because we've got like the
experts we've got these people training
one tricking in soloqueue learning
exactly how to do it people like highs
and dong we're gonna figure it out
mark yeah maybe I think it's like
there's a lot of Champions in the game
so you're not gonna be like hey all 111
best champion mains I will interview
each and every single one of you and you
will talk to me about AP Tryndamere
which has done all right it's in
soloqueue and like you know like you can
do that I just think that's your like
you'll never learn all the champions so
I think people should adapt more like
innovate a little bit more than they
currently do a lot of these teams
especially at the start we're not doing
enough but I don't think you can just be
like innovate more yeah there you go and
then like that's that's the outcome you
want but that's not how you get there
wait Campione seventh thank you so much
for your call no problem thank you guess
it everything I wanted to say about it
nice have a good one man no problem
thank you thanks T all right catching up
on some hookups from people zefr subbed
meddling kids reset for five months rich
except for two months
sponsored by regex for a second month is
what they wrote crunchy koala and tips
subbed t alexa 79 cent $15 people not
doing it anymore so thank you hey Travis
was just wondering if you're going to
have an event in the Bay Area when
finals comes looking forward to your
future content also shout out to Rob
bare toe I probably not but I'll be
there and then you all TLX 279 also
subbed braxton subbed egami my friend
donated 169 bits there we go Davidson
prolific hotline lead color Davidson
Shelby's babies I know he's on like
every single episode hi mom like several
months yeah it's been a while it's been
a while
it's been a while we've had some gas
jelly I came back for you bro
I appreciate it Davidson what time is it
in sweden right now uh ten past six you
are in Sweden right yeah yeah ten past
six okay and and again do you stay up
for the show or like why are you up at
ten past six so I've had really bad
rhythms my sleeping schedule okay so
I've just been up nights
well what do you got for us tonight I
want to give you my take on why the ATC
nerves the ATC nerves and made the
changes hurts the Western teams more and
will ultimately set us further back on
the international stage go for it when
you say Western you mean na and EU in
the end EU yeah okay okay
so in and EU have always chased after
Korea in macro thing everyone here would
agree yeah yeah yeah and way don'ts
already lost my brother no it's early in
the morning there so I understand being
away for eight hours about a TC nurse
impacting Western teams yeah so Korea
have a lot higher individual skill cap
and they don't have the inconsistencies
that even in a place or especially in a
place have and you can see that in just
watching what's in an EU teams are
playing they are still playing the ACC's
there are in Mexico the quotes but in
lck you see that when matches are up
they usually take it when the meta made
yourself in the boat line and that just
gives them
much higher level of gameplay and
especially in na you can see that this
shift in the meta where it just became
chaos everywhere let's do two downfall
of macro also and just the nerves nerves
to like powers being easier to just rush
for pace you we have seen free rushes of
paces in and now it's just I think just
this week we are the base races yeah
yeah no I just I just see this like
overlying third that's the Western teams
will just have much rougher than the
Korea in Korean or Chinese teams will
have maybe we always have it much
rougher than the Korean and Chinese
teams it seems to be a common thread but
yeah but I think we have caught up a lot
to the koreans team green teams in a
recent like just here in macro place but
I think this fucked us up so badly
mmm that we just said aspect like until
season four or something again where we
had like no fucking chance I I kind of
agree kind of disagree I think at least
for e eu might be alright like they have
some yeah yeah use but for na yeah I
think we don't have like the fact we
don't have any like standout teams this
kind of like sad I think like as much as
parity is cool and like everyone's
around the same skill level and who
knows who's gonna win I also think like
you should have dominant teams and those
are the teams that will like best
represent you and it's not clear that's
not a good sign
yeah stuff like that so part of that is
the metas fault but I would still say
that I would rather go into Worlds with
a little bit of a more open and
broken-down meta then a very well
structured one because to your point I
think like the Korean teams are much
better about preparation and things like
that and just like how structured they
I'm on the same page they are and like
the best way to beat them I would hope
would be to break down their ability to
be comfortable and like you saw that
with like Leo and a pic and going back
to the 2016 riff travel singing again
with range supports and they're really
in Soul stuff like yeah I think you know
if they're not ready for Heimerdinger
and like I know they're they're aware
you use playing it but if they haven't
really screamed against like the
Heimerdinger fiddle and like they're not
ready for it like you know I think those
those are the kinds of things that would
allow a Western team to outperform
accordion or Chinese team so she's 20
2016 ms/ms I to chat great part but yeah
I would say like I agree that the meta
has made na domestically worse and
lowers their chances because everyone
just like looks bad right now but I
would still rather head into Worlds with
a shaken up meta than like an ardent
censor meta yeah I I agree I just and I
can't speak specifically to sort of the
more in-depth part of Davidson's
questions since I my analysis is my
cluster at best when it comes to it
to that level of game playing League but
I don't know part of me part of me feels
like every year we come in we feel a
little bit more cockier we feel a little
bit more swaggy we got some top tier
teams that cleared out everybody
everything was good we've got this we
got we're like oh this is it TSM fucked
up last year but they got it this year
and then you know I do my interviews
Baker says I've never encountered a team
like TSM before and all my time
screaming they will win worlds and then
they just fall apart so I am hopeful
that somehow the opposite happens this
year where everything looks like a
disaster and then somehow and everybody
writes off North America and then we do
well because that's what allowed us to
do well at 2016 msi was everybody wrote
off CLG sticks a to this interview what
are you are you attacking the cat what's
going on all right whatever we lost mark
and and then CLG did really well
so I I don't know that's that's my hope
what happened mark I hear my cat meow
like one inch away from the microphone
oh I didn't hear that
oh I don't know he like jumped up on the
bed right next to it there just slugged
me out I wish that had happened yeah I
didn't know if it got picked up so I was
like I just gotta throw it out of the
room that's impressive
mark first Academy don't you think that
an open up meta just late chaotic games
and do really enjoy watching care that
games within reason like I don't like
watching like how hundred thieves lost
cuz I was like that was just stupid but
like I actually thought the flight quest
TSM one was a situation that broke down
from like at the end of the day good
play so like we're trying to JJ after
the game and he's talking about like man
I should have been Tom catching two side
lanes faster and then we realized that
in game and then we pulled that play off
and we had double mountain Drake and we
were like pushing faster and like you
know you saw Sven and understand it but
then TSM weren't all on the same page
and then like it was goodbye Santorin
and keynes like cancel the recall is
like I think depending on how chaotic
we're talking I think it's alright but
if it's just like pure stupidity
like like like I'd say like I liked a in
X's level of chaos we're like they did a
lot of like they did brand support and I
think they did a least support and they
did like a lot of dumb shit that just
put people off guard and like I think
that's an acceptable level of chaos
versus like some of the stuff we're just
seeing in na right now but I just think
this meta right oh it's at that stage
where the chaos is just out of control
yeah potentially potentially I'm very
curious to see what happens
Davidson I think we do have to move on
unfortunately but I want to appreciate
yours thank you so much for calling in
sorry so rabbiting I'm like first four
towers oh good yeah see it
alright we got public color gift to the
subject Oh P TSM fan
Thank You Bubba koulev as always for
your support sir malefactor subbed eg
Huk subbed AG Huk you know eg hook Kelby
I dunno eg Huck well he sucked he's
soaked was it a real sub or a gifted sub
no he actually sent his prime in
I think oh you got his prime dude that's
that's some special not a regular sub
his best sub his prime sub yeah if only
I had more princip's finally killing you
guy gifted a substitute mind games weld
and speaking of welding he's joining us
right now Weldon where in the world are
you I am in a gym in Finland in a gym in
Finland are you getting strange looks
from other people and the gym in Finland
as you speak English into a phone no
it's like 7:00 a.m. there's nobody here
okay I think I mean I think I'm actually
the only person in the gym are you
working out while talking about us well
I'm paused now okay but uh well yeah we
doing yoga I think that it would improve
the drafting of TSM ok ok I just want to
hear your call through like bench reps
yeah exactly
anyway at the squat rack so here we go
all right well Weldon is on the show
thank you for calling in Walden it's I'm
excited to hear what you got to talk to
us about I'm guessing it's TSN liquor
I'm guessing it's TSM related because
there are a few people in the world that
love talking about TSM more than Weldon
it's a c9 related oh really
ok all right here we go once you go from
I think that like the move that reapered
made was really gutsy and I think that
the fact that they were able to like
continue being stuff around
despite the like I they put out one PR
piece right and then after that they
just went radio silent and they just
kind of like kept experimenting and and
now they're winning again and I thought
they're winning this brought back sneaky
right which is fine like I don't have
anything against it and I think that
they're great players and I think that
the more important thing here is that
they took like a lck style approach of
just like hey let's I mean
let's try benching everybody let's try
this let's the the most important tool
of traditional sports is the bench and
the most important mindset for using it
is you have to be willing to lose games
in the short term to win in the long
term in order to use the bench properly
and eSport teams are afraid to do this
because players have so much power and
that's fine like I think players should
have a lot of power think maybe in North
America they have too little power which
might lead to some of the problems we
have compared to EU but um but I think
the fact that that this team was willing
to kind of like use the bench in a
traditional sport team or an LC Katie
might do bodes well for their future and
maybe the future of Academy teams in na
if more people get more if more stabs
can you know do this kind of
mix-and-match with high profile players
on the other hand I think that it seems
pretty important in eSport moreso in
regular than in regular sport to have
like personalities on your team because
what you're really selling is you know
the viewership doesn't seem like winning
matters as much as as having you know a
team that's fun to follow to sell yeah I
think that would have been an
interesting thing like if like let's say
C and I never makes the moves and they
just like tank to 8th and they say it
8th like I wonder what they're because I
think they took a massive like you know
pretty perception of fan hit when they
did all that stuff like their subreddit
was raging at them or whatever like I
wonder what would have happened if they
had done the changes in there at 8 and
at the end of the season which has
better fan connection / like morale
afterwards yeah I I feel like there's no
way to predict that without you know
seeing it cuz you've seen cases of teams
do super well and fail at the top like
it mortals you know they they crush the
season and they fit like choked out of
both playoffs and people love to them
kind of anyway and then you have TSM
that like will crush the season and fail
you know at the top well you know
historically not this season obviously
and people hate them for that I don't
know they're historically like weak
teams that that like me maintain fanbase
cuz their personalities that we're
winning before ya know my era of CLG
oh yeah example but I I'm just thinking
Wheldon about your reference to like
benches being so important to well not
so important the most important thing to
like traditional sports teams and how
they're able just because like I can't
imagine that like the LeBron Jameses and
the Kevin Durant are in the position
there are because of the bench right
they are able to self and like Jaedong
and flash even though they're individual
players or like even faker I don't think
they're necessarily motivated or the
tool that they have because of the bench
like those guys have enough internal
Drive that it just like doesn't stop for
them but I think certainly in the case
of eSports we see periods of times where
you have these players that are
incredibly motivated and then they get
to that point as a result but then maybe
you have like a sneaky Jensen smoothie
scenario if we're you know to believe
the the communication that we've
received from cloud9 and you know it
takes a trip to the bench to get them
fired up again I'm curious though if you
think that that's something that is a
long-term fix or just like a short-term
motivator but then like if if a pro
player starts to really Lowell into that
kind of state where they need the bench
to be motivated is that a signal of kind
of future attitudes for the rest of
their career or so there's there's kind
of two ways to look at this one is like
so taken to the questions directly
yes it's a short-term motivator because
motivation is an emotion that goes in
cycles like it comes high and then it
comes low yeah and and so you you you
kind of think of the bench as a way of
like helping out a friend who happens to
be no motivation cycle you know without
firing them I think that's kind of a
healthier way to look at it and you use
it as a temporary boost one is needed
and some people have longer cycles you
know if you're if you're a rookie and
you're got something to prove you might
go for a year to with high motivation
you just have a wall so I think that
that kind of regular use is normal but I
also think that that's like a tier one
level I think that most usage of like
you're talking about LeBron James right
I don't know he would ever be bench now
but I think the bench is that what you
use when you're forming an athlete like
it'd be you know like at the amateur
love the semi-professional level yeah
and and so it could be that you know it
was used at particular times throughout
his history to kind of craft him into
the you know amazing player that he was
yeah we don't really have that so much
in eSport but I think like we also don't
have set team culture so wouldn't oh
something a caller was saying earlier
about oh no no no sorry you were saying
this about how like a team should kind
of all in on their culture for the comp
that they're playing that's like a
better way to win mm-hmm I think that
there's not a lot of coaches to say like
this is my our team's philosophy and
this is our team's culture and we'll use
the bench even if you're high motivated
maybe if you're good we'll use the bench
as a way to craft the culture if you do
something like super to high ego or to
anti cultural like we're willing to like
the Minnesota Minnesota Vikings like
trade out Randy Moss for a subpar wide
receiver just because he didn't fit the
culture of the Vikings and to that point
about like the LeBron James and stuff
it's like some of those guys are so
successful and who they are because they
don't rely on the like the bench as
motivation or something like that I'm
like I think you could argue something
like bjergsen is that way where it's
like yeah you don't ever need to
threaten him with the bench because that
dude is so good at like being so
self-motivated himself about improvement
and then like it's the other people
around you that that need that extra
motivation potentially and that can have
I think I'm just curious if teams that
are filled out with rosters like that
actually are going to be winning teams
or if you need a team that is large
diversities good yeah yeah I think maybe
that's why so many super teams fail it's
because you know you have a bunch of
people like Yorick's and faker and then
maybe it just doesn't work out the
Golden State Warriors for example yeah
okay yeah you know but there have been a
decent number of super teams especially
in eSports that have well I think one of
my biggest challenge
was the double lift your team like I
think that you know they had really
clear-cut ways they wanted to navigate
and they were both you know super alpha
and super motivated realm and merging
that into a single unified team cult
service was kind of like the solution I
I want to take a couple steps back
because I do think that there will be
some people that listen to this call and
say well wait
the cloud9 thing didn't work they were
losing and now look sneaky and Jensen my
favorite players are back and they
benched that Spence Caron guy who was
the problem all along and oh it sucks
the smoothies gone but like they people
will say like oh they just kept losing
until these guys came back they should
just have them on the roster all along
what what would you say to people like
that who who sort of dispute the idea
that the bench even helped I mean it's a
fair argument I wouldn't I wouldn't
argue against it I would say that I
think it's more important that they have
the guts to make the decision in the
first place and that's what the move
revealed to me okay that means in the
future they can they can do it again and
I think it might be a bit of a chicken
or the egg thing where it's like you
don't know that Jensen sneaky would have
been winning right without Sven there if
you look you when he was on the Academy
team I mean it was it was insane yeah
Piedmont of games he was pumping out
compared to be just like literally seven
days before I would be super curious to
hear from you Travis in an interview
with these players at the end of the
split like you know once some time has
passed not immediately after I mean I've
requested sneaky there's a reason I
haven't done an interview with cloud9
since this that's cuz I request Nicky
every time and get tonight every time
well I'm just saying I would be
interested to see it because I'd like to
know if they felt like it was a big
change for them or not I know I know in
the time they were memeing but you know
maybe they had some critic reflection or
time on academy and it did amp things up
for them I don't know or maybe they feel
like they were just the same the whole
time as soon as I can get the stinky
interview I will hopefully let you know
no I mean it's an interesting taking I
like it's funny
Wheldon cuz your your take is the same
as the one that I had whenever first
happened I think cloud 9 fucked up a lot
of the PR around it by having that video
get released and all that stuff but and
and of course nobody likes a losing team
but I I do think that it's important to
be able to bench players even popular
players in the na LCS and I think it's
one of the things that the abolition of
relegation is brought and I I think it's
I think it's good I I teased you about
making it about TSM but I'm very curious
do you think that like there is a world
where TSM should have been willing to
like expand out their roster more and
experiment with more players because
they've pretty much stuck with everybody
just it's even in a world where they
communicated the mike young thing the
way a lot of teams communicate like the
departure of a player how many times
have we heard oh it's a six-man roster
and then you just never see this person
ever again they go away forever but what
do you think that that TSM should have
been learned something from the c9
situation been willing to make more
risks there yeah I think it's it's
probably even more you know best of one
season to be able to do that and I to
like swap and experiment more and I
think that maybe if c9 and and echo fox
are successful with like redeeming their
seasons after the swaps we'll see teams
consider their Academy roster there's
like more carefully next split put
together like it you know options I
think you're kind of limited to your
Academy versus but it's really hard to
find you know high-quality free agents
in the offseason yeah so I think it
matters well it's it's kind of a
question it needed to be answered back
in December November you know during
recruitment because I don't I don't
really know much about TSM Academy or
how like how good it would be to
experiment with them compared to the c9
Academy I mean I guess I went about c9
when I watch them us on LCS stage but I
mean they were they're pretty different
like TSM Academy has always been like a
a little bit of a letdown they have what
should be good
players based off names but they just
don't work as a unit that sounds
familiar
yeah it sounds really worth seeing Isaac
Adam II one of the clear-cut top three
teams in Academy it's man yeah
interesting
hey Weldon thank you so much for the
call really appreciate anything you want
to shout out plug or anything at the end
here thanks for the show keep it up yeah
thanks man enjoy the rest of your
workout I hope you enter your Zen state
and you can oh yeah everybody that's my
plug go workout yeah nighttime workouts
are great if you're early-morning crush
it
nice we think right thanks well didn't
have a good one Eugene hey that was a
great call thank you to Weldon for for
hitting us up I think that was a good
discussion and one I'm surprised it's
funny when Weldon calls in and says I
think c9 s decision to use the bench was
a good one the chat gets all thoughtful
and quiet and just listens but if there
had been some not guy named Joe from
West Texas who's like yeah I am I think
everybody would be like hang up hang up
the collars tonight
why does Mark pick these people I'll
call it twitch chat I bet Joe from Texas
would not be as eloquent or as storied
of a person in the scene yeah as Weldon
who has a fair amount of experience in
his relatively eloquent yeah yeah well
Joe wouldn't be like I'm in a gym in
Finland right now I was in the middle of
my yoga meditation what else we got
boba color gifted us up to earlier I was
in earlier for a while thank you
it's Volks Reis up for 11 months so
stretch a kiss fire it smokes might be
on the lead there where I've coming up
on our one-year anniversary Jinja say
what subbed Daniel in ninety to resub
says Lovick gonna watch the crap out of
it also also everyone tweet to get
Travis on the dive that's not my
campaign I'm starting that's Daniel in
92 rockin Rodney kitsune music and
racing Randy
eighty-three X you guys are coordinating
we got rockin Rodney and race and Randy
all subbed thank you so much for your
subs I see Carlos is on the show I see
Carlos where you come from
Chico California not too far away turn
you up a little bit no it's like about
like three hours away from Sacramento so
yeah wait you said ten hours away from
Southern California yeah California's
big drive asleep oh I thought isn't I
thought Chico was in Southern California
and I lived Chico is Northern California
like Northern California oh I think I
was thinking of
uh what do you got for us so I want to
talk about how it feels like eSports as
a whole and least in eSports that you
use this as a practice method is
screaming and how I think that screaming
is kind of probably the bad way to go
about practicing eSports I come from a
traditional sports background I play
lost soccer going up some football here
and there but it feels like this
constant need to be screaming your
opponent's at you playing your league
all the time almost feels
counterproductive as a whole to the idea
of getting better as a team as
individual players if that makes sense
so what would use so to screams for see
that's kind of why I want to ask like
mark who actually has coaching
experience this whole idea where it
feels like obviously we can't really
like Institute drills into eSports where
you can't really just make someone sit
there and see us for like an hour and
then everything's totally gonna be fine
and dandy but it feels like instead of
having screams where you're obviously
trying to get the perfect situation made
so you can practice this very specific
setup and leads a example like oh very
specific a barren situation I like 45
minutes or something
and obviously we hear all this stuff
about people want to remake their
screams because they got bad start or
something maybe just implementing smart
like smarter practices methods something
like practicing lean matchups against
York had to be a mirror essentially so
like the top laner from academy of the
top laner from the main roster actually
going at it for an hour to and really
talking about what it is that makes this
matchup different or makes it so it's so
favored and
one character versus the other so I
would say a lot of like what you're
suggesting is done by a lot of people
like we when I was the coaching tried to
implement a lot of that like we tried we
tried to really make like a 10-man
feeling roster we're like we scrim the
Academy team a fair amount and things
like that I know a lot of pro players
even against other pro players will do
like matchup practice and so I I think a
lot of those ideas have been implemented
I think one of the problems that people
run into is that like League is such a
variable game in a sense like there's so
much at play that if someone else that
you're playing against is doing the
wrong thing you will never learn that
you two are doing the wrong thing and so
that's why I like quality scrim
opponents is so highly valued that's why
people don't want to scrim their Academy
teams that's why people don't want to
scrim low to your LCS teams because if
I'm just a better individual player than
you or our jungler works with our bot
lane better than yours then like we just
always crush you with this one strategy
or something and we don't really learn
what you really need to to get better
and so that's why so many people are
understandably afraid of doing like
heavy heavy in houses with an Academy
team because your Academy team even the
best Academy team which is like cloud 9
you know some of their players are
playing on what was formerly the 10th
place LCS team and I think there's
always that kind of large gap between
Academy and LCS ok I understand that I
mean I kind of figured that this was
kind of something that was being
implemented now at least but it still
feels like even this whole scrim culture
where people talk about oh you know we
screamed this team and we did pretty
good but yet we don't know why we're
weren't able to transfer that and I mean
this has been going on since like season
2 season 3 people saying that oh people
don't take scrim seriously people are
just messing around and all that fun
stuff so I guess it almost goes back to
this idea of is it just an ace practice
culture that isn't really taking scrim
seriously and taking practice as a whole
series
or is this also just kind of I don't
know just indicative of Na as a whole
when it comes to this it's probably a
combination of a lot of things I'm not
sure it's like a one-size-fits-all like
of course yeah kind of things I think
some like just team approaches to like
how they want to improve it might be
problematic I think sometimes it's
players are problematic sometimes it's
like you know the org is not doing
things correctly so I think it can be a
lot of different things so and it's not
like I also think that it's not just
like all any teams don't take scrim
seriously because I think that it's not
like in anything it's like a team to
team thing there are teams in other
regions and in other games like that
just have motivation issues with scrims
it's completely dependent on the culture
of the team and I've known a lot of
teams a lot of different games not just
in North America that like historically
they don't try super hard and scrims or
like you know certain players have
motivation issues if certain things
happen in the game like all this
situation happens I like I can't play
the rest of game it's not serious well
whatever
it doesn't necessarily be indicative or
translate to their to how they do in
tournaments are on stage the the
important thing is that yeah you're
you're getting what your team needs to
succeed certain teams really want to be
like really focused and needs to get a
lot of this shit from scrims to learn
improve and some teams just like really
want to play loose and it allows them to
play better as players on stage and like
I've seen it especially a lot of like
individually talented teams be set up
that way where they're super great
players they like get it there they're
really on like the good parts of their
career and they just need to go into
games loose on stage so that they can
play their best and not like overthink
things I think to to get back to your
original point one of the really big
differences why we cease crimson mark
touched on this a little bit as so much
of a greater practice tool than in
comparison traditional sports is the
rules of the game rules and eSports
titles change all the freakin time
and as like meta changes and pics change
it's super important to have that scrim
time for synergy as those changes happen
where it's like especially in more like
individual elements of the game focus
sports like baseball and football yeah
obviously baseball teams don't need to
ever play
they're like scrimmages against other
teams because really it's just a
performance of individual activities
that that coincides and the thing at
football a lot of the same stuff
basketball probably in soccer probably
have more more scrimmaging as a part of
their regular practice than those other
two sports that I mentioned I would
believe and yeah and eSports is always
gonna be that way so I think there will
always be that need for practice I will
say I think one of the most interesting
times and someone else in chat was was
referencing it was like the Samsung blue
Sanks Samsung white days in season four
cuz that was like my first year in
coaching and analysts work and they were
by far like the best org and that sense
in that season and so like I read as
much as I could about their interviews
and stuff and they had a lot of really
interesting policies like I think to
what you said way way back I see Carlos
was like almost like an over fixation on
scrims and like scrim results and things
like that because samsung blue and
samsung white would scrim internally one
block a day and that was it and I think
it was Samsung white would scrim
externally sometimes to like get exposed
to other things and like if you want to
scrim them you can only I think with
Samsung way either way only one of the
two teams scrims externally and then the
rest the time was just like balls to the
wall solo queue time and even that
wasn't enforced by the coach directly
but it was like a team culture thing and
like the coach said like yeah if we feel
like you're not putting enough work
we'll say something but it sounds like
they never had to because all the
players were just so like they played
insane hours like that was like eight
quorum was like yeah I sleep four hours
a night or something crazy like that
and so it was a really weird culture
where they only stay mostly scrims
internally and they mostly actually just
played
lo q and that was how they like we're so
good was they just put in the insane
hours and I thought that was really
interesting and it's just something that
it would be nice to see if people could
replicate it again but then I think that
was the last season that you had sister
teams and so ever since then you've
never had two teams with similar levels
of talent in within an organization yeah
okay yeah I mean it's an interesting
topic is sort of and I think it's one of
those things where like everybody I like
the fact that you bring it up because I
think everyone's just sort of takes the
system for granted and and there's
probably a better way we've only been
doing this for a couple years now
several years I guess but there's
there's probably you know it's it's
probably good idea to sort of challenge
the foundations of how these things
operate so and I feel like that's kind
of why I was just this whole like
eSports is so fairly young that's so
malleable that you could still try to
add some sort of new culture in there
yeah of course with the way things are
at the moment it feels like so much of
it falls on just organizational culture
as opposed to actually the practicing
that's going on behind it thank you so
much I see Carlos for the call right we
got about three more callers to go
winding out tonight
damn it bear subd Bloods point sent five
dollars to pros ever use all chat during
LCS I don't know I wish I could tell you
but thank you for the five dollars can I
can i interject based off of that
donation real quick so something that
has recently happened in dota that has
been great is that as a part of their
compendium they added these chat wheel
elements that and a tipping system so I
can dota like you've leveled points or
whatever to like get your battle past
very similar to fortnight right and you
can tip other players in the game
including upon the opposing team so what
happens a lot of time now in
professional games is like four guys
will gank somebody kill them and then
people will tip in and it's like it's it
shows up on broadcast so it's the most
BM thing but like I don't know it's it's
been really funny too
Chansey adult adopted by the culture I
think they should do that shitting
League it'd be hilarious that's pretty
good
speaking of I think na VI was I pulled
you Marcus probably okay that was
confusing I hear this topic there yeah
Navi where you come from from New
Zealand okay hey I pulled an
international color look at me
Navi what do you want to talk about
because I think well first off thank you
for being a twitch sub secondly by the
way is it pronounced Navi yes okay you
say sure at the end which makes me think
it's not okay well it's eSport how do
you pronounce it okay there we go
yeah there we go don't sure me if that's
all you pronounce what what do you want
to talk about I can already tell he's
gonna be excited about this so we as a
community a pretty underserved when it
comes to being able to support the
broadcast and the league as a whole
because after watching the overwatch
League finals this week and even the
puppy Invitational they monetize their
streams such a bit away than Wright has
and I feel like this he was really
important to know because league's not
gonna be relevant forever and every
accounts for like everyone that's a base
them the same and right now the only way
to support the league is the support
that he was directly by paying like $80
for a shitty hoodie and then paying $20
shipping for it to ship to my shitty
little island which is just is this
hunter teen that sounds like 100 T
nowadays you can order a Jersey Mike's
but with promo code JM and LA which team
was it which team were you paying $20
shipping
yeah I mean it's hard to get to
something in New Zealand I can yeah and
like looking at the overwatch leak
channel right now there's this amazing
team lady bullets thing which hat
actually uses bits and cheers mm-hmm and
Chelsea was at the top which used to be
team envy and and if that's one cent per
bit they've got over $125,000 in seven
months yeah Oh leaderboard if we add it
all up they have around
hundred eighty thousand fell nine
hundred eighty thousand US dollars which
is about $82,000 split amongst all the
teams so if if even gonna be a minimum
right just putting a sub button where I
could spam like the flavor moat wearing
a hundred CS lead on someone you know
like that I just want right to put
something in told us over while they
work on their BAM tick deal or whatever
go through something you know like he
doesn't know I'm not think because that
fell out he said because it felt there
he knows yeah yeah yeah and something
like the pubsey Invitational even they
had this twitch plugin where you would
predict which team won and I'm saying if
if you beat the say the analyst discs
predictions right you can get like a
Higgs to Higgs tick box or execute
something well that would be easy I
don't know if you've been keeping track
these analyst predictions but right now
people are pretty shit right now - for
the most part like usually like so last
split we were like around 60% and people
would tweet at me and they'd be like
look I'm at like 70% or something cuz
someone's always gonna be better than
you hundred thousand people watching but
this split like no one is tweeting at me
and the people who are are also like
just under 50% right mark you look it's
I get it I guess I'm just saying like
sensitive subjects sorry shouldn't
brought it up we're talking about
someone else tsunami would you like what
would you like to see
unfortunately I want to know
specifically what you as a fan want to
see what's you can get skins all the
stuff without the all-access pass right
and what thanks disperse you get so this
one I'd what I would like to see skins
and emotes in game but right now you
don't which if they just did something
will make some sort of a deal with them
I would love that you know here I always
say this right now Bobby I'll say this
publicly
if riot wants to use my face as an emote
they can do that and they don't even
have to give me a cut of it all right I
want to support na LCS so I will donate
my face to the twitch email system for
the LCS channel okay so let's just know
that I'm pitching in guys I will tie my
brand to the else yes
we're free I mean mark you tied your
brand to the LCS and you demand they pay
you so mock at me but I've out here I'm
offered something alright you're you
want you wants a little better people
okay would you would you put in 35 hours
a week for free for them my face is
worth at least 35 okay I think we're
right there right Kelby yeah so Nobby I
gotta say I agree with you entirely it
is very confusing to me personally that
riot has been at the forefront and or at
least was at the forefront and
innovating for eSports for such a long
period and then in the one area where
you'd think it would matter perhaps even
the most the monetization of this
product that you've invested so much
time and money to over your company's
history that you just don't care you
don't seem to care about doing anything
with integrating the experience as a fan
back into being a player like it is
really so sad that like games like Halo
Halo 5 which is getting like P
concurrent viewership of 10,000 like
people on their stream their active
player base for that game now is
probably like less than a hundred
thousand uniques a month or some shit
they have more in-game integration and
more integration into their player base
and what they can receive on their
broadcasts than League of Legends does
it's like they don't they don't they're
not doing anything nothing like you've
outlines the
it's so sad especially when their player
base is shrinking like it has and you
now have overwatch League coming out and
kicking your ass in every single
department when you had all of the
opportunities that they had and passed
on them and did alternative things that
failed and now you don't have any
replacement or plan for it what the fuck
are you doing man like you're so you're
such a joke in this area and we've
talked about it for so long and you
don't change anything when do you start
to care when do you address any of this
I don't know
holy shit dude that feel good to let out
Kelby that's that's me that's me going
way short Travis knows of what I would
talk about off of a public thing that
can be required just I think one of the
I don't want to say fundamental problems
at Rice I don't think I'm actually in a
position to say this but I'll probably
say something close to you anyways I
think one of the biggest problems is
like I feel like riot sees always the
downsides of anything with like a giant
magnifying glass and the upsides is like
mint whatever so like when they see that
this could be misconstrued as trying to
pump viewership through artificial means
or something or you know that that's a
boy to like you know generate false hype
or whatever like the Compendium like oh
yeah they're just taking all their fans
money or something you know like I'm not
saying this is what they've actually
said but like it does feel like any time
that these other solutions and other
like money-making things are presented
people like that I hear so many of the
bad reasons for as opposed to the good
ones like you're saying nah be that like
as a fan I would love to be able to show
my support yeah it and I would be
totally fine with that if there was
literally anything that they provided
as an alternative maybe they tried with
the BAM tech deal but we don't know and
they have nothing to show for it yeah
that is my biggest thing is that like I
I I can only assume that they pitched so
much into that deal because if you go
back and you look at the interview they
they talk so much about what they were
gonna be able to achieve with it that
they must have just thought like we're
not gonna do this with twitch or YouTube
or whatever it's all gonna be in the
system and that is why like at the time
this is one of the frustrations I had is
like I did that video the main point of
feedback I got from everybody not just
like the reddit and community which
ultimately like they didn't care because
they'd forgotten notice the thing in the
first place
but also from the industry in general
was like well you know like it's not
that big of a deal like they can do
something else
it's just hard whenever like you it it
feels like from that like there are two
options here either you just didn't care
about any of these really cool
monetization opportunities that allow
your fans to engage with your broadcasts
in a unique way show their support
whatever or you do care but you ready to
put it on the BAM type thing and so I am
I'm much more likely like there's people
in this bet chat right now and who say
things like oh riot doesn't care or
they're eSports departments to carry
that I think that couldn't be further
from the truth they care about eSports
tremendously and I know people over
there that kill themselves trying to
make sure that the stuff works out great
they suck in certain areas like they
suck in world states as an example they
suck at monetization they second a lot
of different areas but I know that they
care but it is it so I'm much more
likely to think that it all went into
the BAM tech thing and then that failed
the problem is is like now they need to
fix it they gotta fix it because I I
couldn't agree with you more like it
they were a front-runner think about
this way when LCS came out they were
first in this industry they were first
in so many different ways across the
board right like nobody had a league
like this like the the giving salary to
players like it's just there were so
many things that they did that were
where first having all the players live
in the same area
and I think now now like they are not
innovating and the way that they did
before and that now you see other
leagues and other eSports groups doing
on and the space which is great it is
great to see other people stepping up to
the plate what is not great is to see
distinct areas in which right is falling
behind like this one and finally I'll
say is at least for me all good things
come to an end in some regard right so
like the idea that Riot wasn't gonna
stay number one I you know I think a lot
of people knew that that wasn't gonna be
the case and I don't think it's always
fair to like needle-dick someone for
like something that was always gonna
happen for like every little thing that
they could have done better but like I
think in this instance there are a
number of big things they could have
done better I just think it's time they
should just take take just copy every
wish like at this point right I think
you know he's gonna complain about that
shit uh-huh that's anyways hey Nobby
thank you so much for calling in we do
have two more we only have one more one
of them dropped out I guess we've got
another color to go and we're running
low on time so thank you so much for
your call though I think it's a good
topic and I appreciate that you you
brought up and whoever pulled you into
the waiting room was a genius for doing
that
Thanks thanks dude
one last color to go everybody in chat
thinking like oh no freaking out look I
just feel passionately about that thing
let's see we've got hi how are you
welcome to the channel normally I go
through and I read a couple subs but it
sounds like you're ready your name is VY
reto ever get him is that pronounced
straight it's supposed to be Japanese
it's a it's an atom title anime title
can you pronounce it for me well the
English is English name is
a lot of AeroGarden niggas go viral ever
gotten
violet ever garden Oh violet ever garden
okay yes
very good where are you calling from
violet ever garden I'm I'm I'm I'm if
near SF near SFO where are you where you
got in the Bay Area as a
Millbrae Milberg okay yeah yeah I know
that's such a BART start stop yes yeah
what do you want to talk about on the
show so um so do you guys thing I like
compared to other regions
any as like a communication issue
because like um so this thing like that
happened like recently like maybe things
like so LPL swatching LPL and then like
they gave her doing be an interview in
in chinese and then like like he speaks
really fluent Chinese to the point where
he forgot some Korean and mean
everything like because like I've seen
like na interviews in the past and then
like like Korean players like impact for
like their English like this is beyond
it's like isn't like very ideal and then
so and then like I looked at like EU or
the top teams have like or Europeans am
like no Koreans and of course I speak
English in Korea of course speaks Korean
and in LPL or the top teams they have
like Koreans who are really fluent in
Chinese and ing if we're all intents and
purposes it's all Chinese like um and
for the Koreans like rookie scout they
all speak like really fluent Chinese
even like even like they're not saloon
ones like the shy they still communicate
like pretty well in Chinese so even be
wondering if like gum and it's like
suffering like a bit in terms of
performance because of this you think
it's communication issues and you're
saying you're saying that the players
that have come over here that don't
speak English fluently they're not
learning it fast enough to to allow our
like further communication to flow
freely yes okay I mean
and was like um was all I got among like
cooking stuff to it because like um
orangey s2 Korean Co just but like hot
and jasmine and they both become like
decently while Chinese historically like
the top teams from na going to Worlds
have had all native English speakers at
every single role we guess I'm the past
two years in cloud nine the year before
that cochise entirely Chinese speaking
team two worlds I think that's more
actually proves Kelly's point you're
talking about lmq yeah that also proves
my point as well but that's well that's
way long ago I'm talking about the last
three years see now with impact impact
speaks Korean so that's why I just I
don't I don't think communication is
probably the issue yeah I guess that na
sucks yeah so but okay but like it's
easy to say na sucks but is there is
there a possibility that this is
happening I I kind of disagree violent
violet ever garden because I I think one
thing is that we've seen a lot of the
players in North America started to pick
up English pretty quickly over time
hooni admittedly was in Europe for a
while but he's unlike Germany his his
English great reignover
great like a lot of the players over
here actually hilariously Seraph when he
came to CLG had awful English and then
and I don't know if Kelby did nothing to
help him with it or whatever but after
he left
CLG he learned English and actually his
super fluent in it I mean obviously it's
not competing anymore but like I think
we have seen a lot of examples where
players that came over here didn't
knowing and did not know English at
first know it really well one thing just
to mention by the way is that like on
the impact thing his teammates can all
understand him very well
he just has like a very unique accent
and way of speaking which seems to be
heavily influenced from Sneaky's memeing
and twitch chat and so like his
teammates can all
understand him very well it's just that
yeah an interviews or whatever it's
harder for a lot of the broader audience
to understand him yes I think what we'd
all say is like yes
having non-native English speakers is
worse than having native English
speakers but in comparison to the other
problems that there are in na it's a
pretty minimal problem and if you're
concerned about it being a big problem
what you need to weigh it against is if
these Korean imports who don't speak the
language well cause a bigger drag on the
team's performance then the worse
native-speaking na player who speaks
English well like and I think you'll
find that that's probably not the case
and that these imported Korea employers
are much better and you know if you
didn't have them the scene would be
arguably even worse do you have any
other thoughts pilot ever garden well so
right now it's not a problem but um do
you think it might become like a problem
in the future because obviously na isn't
producing talent fast enough so
obviously important like more and more
players uh kelby this is a na importing
players topic you want to give your
spiel
you got some grandstands but take care
uh are you talking about me having right
change the rules for that I just meant
you usually go on a rant about how it's
fine we'll just we're creating like an
ecosystem regardless I'll just say this
like I think what's interesting is you
can meme about it but I think we are
developing pretty good infrastructure
for importing players that don't speak
English if you won we are importing a
lot of European players who do speak
English you know how long before we get
some you know perks over here all those
guys they loved North LA and rift rivals
they were all talking about yeah all
those those European imports that came
over and ended up on Mad teams are
loving it
great power we will have a great time
the I hope optic and clutch turn around
so Fabian Pia we have a great time in
India and and febiven made you know top
four he made he got to go play on stage
in Miami last time yeah dead last
yeah well you know so is some other big
teams are close I mean action there
Michael but anyway so like one
interesting thing by the way I don't
know if you knew this by the
ever-growing there's a woman named
Sophie who is a Korean English teacher I
think she was a professor at USC I don't
know if she still is but she works with
like all almost all I believe of the
Korean players now that are over here
like teaches them
she's like a Twitter right I forget what
it is but like we are developing
infrastructure for the players that come
over here that don't speak English to
level it up in it so I don't think it's
becoming an issue I think actually it
might be becoming less of an issue and
that in the past I remember there were a
lot of times where you would just have a
player that no one could understand and
you you'd hear kind of at the end of the
split after the team got relegated like
hey we were never able to have any
conversations in-game because it just
didn't work but I think I think it's
actually getting better so no I guess
they all poised down to any sucking good
yes it does succeed that's what it all
boils down to at the end of all these
concerns thank you so much my lever
garden for the call and I hope you enjoy
some new crunchyroll videos soon I'll
every gardens on Netflix go well I mean
there's there's other anime on crunchy
I'm trying to is it good hello fellow
weebs
well I'd like to you really liked it did
you like it mark I haven't watched it
it's been on my to watch list for a
while okay should what is it about viola
ever garden it's about basically like
this this girl like on she used to be in
the army and she has like no feelings
learning like how White's love yeah very
good yeah well I asked myself that
question thank you so much ever garden
for your time on the show have a good
evening
you do all right are we doing this an
arrow thing mark I don't know if you
want to save it and just make him be our
guest and then do a whole episode of
it I just feel like we're beating a dead
horse by having a giant oh I shouldn't
say I didn't do a whole episode about
that topic I might do a whole episode
with an arrow oh okay well he was on
just so recently you keep saying that
but hasn't it been like two months like
no he was on I think he was on the show
before I'm gonna look at weeks again or
something
what no haze I'm 35 know that we help me
yeah we had we oh he was on episode 33
and we're on episode 38 so it's been
five weeks it's been yeah like six weeks
I'm fine having a repeat guest who was a
former coach and there is not even in
the discord so these people spamming get
in there on he's not even in the discord
he mess he sent twitch chat he was like
can I come in and talk about this na get
in discord so did he ever really want on
or did he just want the chat to all free
you just want people to talk about him
fucking typical enero we can talk more
about it next week if we if if we can't
find someone cooler than an arrow I
guess we could use him I mean we got
week there's Kelby you know Cal he's
pretty funny I like Kelby he's kind of
out of it right now I think he's falling
asleep
anyways all I'm saying my narrow was
watching the violet ever garden trailer
did the trailer on that thing looks
fucking great by the way that's and top
tier animate this is this is a dub
trailer not a sub trailer I want the sub
trailer anyways all I would be down to
have an arrow on and yet especially
since last time we had him he was still
on echo fox and maybe we can ask him
some stuff like did you know what trade
was coming or like that you guys wanted
to trade slash like was up hello engine
or English drag cherrymon trappers
there's no way I'd have something else I
wanted to do tonight and that's what I
was trying to put your status on the
he's got your power from that time you
did it oh yeah I know I didn't move
myself in my phone dude I can't do that
we don't know
you got it here we're done sir if that
goes appreciate it an era what do you
want to talk about what do you mean a
can of worms here we go I just want to
talk about the NA problem because people
keep calling in and like have different
random excuses like this is why na sucks
ne sucks because like the region's the
whole with like everything we do in
terms of infrastructure is just straight
trash like organizations aren't really
like very strict on actually making the
infrastructure itself better and there's
just management that suck coaches that
suck and that just makes a bad
environment for players that are never
gonna get better because the
infrastructure is just awful okay we can
say these specific examples that's very
general alright so say like practice
sucks right
mmm-hmm and like practice is obviously a
problem people say practice and
efficient like obviously practice is a
source of the coaches for the most part
yet like if players are bad and they're
causing like the problems in practice
they should be getting benched
essentially right like if you're on any
other team in the world that's probably
happening so you every any team has
players that are not efficiently using
their practice timings because the
coaches aren't keeping the onus on them
it's a combination of like all of these
things like if that's a problem and say
that like a coach is called out of play
for this and it hasn't been fixed and
maybe it's a management problem maybe
it's that the coach isn't calling it out
so then it's a coaching problem and
rather than just like calling out all
these random things like ah in a sucks
for this like it's a combination of all
these issues and every team has a
different combination of those issues
and for the most part they generally
don't get fixed for my experience or
when I've heard from like talking with
other people on teams and then like
other players voicing their experience
with teams coming to new teams right
everyone has these types of issues but
you generally see like the same group of
people kind of floating around eSports
everywhere and it's like that in other
regions as well from working in yeah you
still have the same type of thing but
it's like that's that's the main issue
and I didn't I think it's definitely
fair for players to call out like
coaches and players for stuff like this
and it's something that should be fixed
but there's also like onus on management
and - and there's problems there as well
and it's something that's not really I
guess explored or talked about like
and eSports itself like I'm sure you
guys have heard coaches or players like
complain about this type of thing by
just in my casual conversation right but
people aren't really gonna be too public
about it because job security matters a
lot and no one really wants to like lose
their job or like even risk it so even
people that are necessarily like worse
at their job aren't really gonna like
invite people that might even replace
them to a certain extent and like
improve their infrastructure because
then they might lose out on their job
right yes you want to hire somebody
who's weaker than you to keep yourself
sick so one really quickly one thing I
just learned is that if we keep learning
about new Skype new Skype when somebody
puts something in chat it shows up over
their webcam image so I don't know what
Mark fit in chat I can't see chat but
some URL like pops up Gray's out his
screen and like shows the URL I'm still
fine on Twitch I'm looking at the twitch
thing no no it's it went away it's gone
but you sound like the chat be like what
the hell in any production it's because
this is apparently a new feature of
Skype we've just discovered by bad dude
type something there for my steal when I
when I respond oh yeah it's just it's my
badge I mean that's not your fault
it's fucking Skype is like just they
change and everything so weird anyway
infrastructure is worse here than in
Europe and that's the disparity between
our regions no I think Europe has like
some pretty shitty infrastructure too
but so you say Europe and na both suck
because you just said na sucks be to
address what the cars so you think it's
Europe a nice and na suck because of
this infrastructure and it's better in
Korean China
I think they suck because of like
different issues with it but there's
like different cultural things that kind
of lead to benefits for different people
like Korean culture kind of has the
whole aspect of they have like a natural
respect for elders and it's kind of
expected in their society so yeah that's
kind of something that's expected from
them and practices will also it tends to
exist to a certain extent but they're
also the organization's seem to be
better at least from what I've noticed
from the outside and like through like
very small interactions with the teams
themselves seem to be better at actually
enforcing those types of things and
decisions team
make what you can see with like subbing
being a very regular thing would it's
like you think it's here for somebody
with good ideas to instill those ideas
in a peer and co-worker base that is
more open to them because their culture
dictates that you respect olders more
mmm I think it helps it to a certain
extent yeah but I think it's something
that can exist in in a like equally as
easy but it requires consistency with
organizations like everyone has to be on
the same page and that requires you to
build like a good infrastructure for
that and like good business around a
certain idea that you have and have
people that are all in alignment on
wanting to do the same thing and if you
don't have that and people don't have
that inherent like respect from the
culture then you're not gonna be able to
build it like you'll having a team
environment but it's definitely like
fucking possible for sure it's just
people suck at getting respect as
coaches or people suck at maintaining
respect because they're not consistently
responding to problems the way they
should but Korean and Chinese
organizations are I think for the most
part at least seems like it it seems
that there's like a decent level of
respect in terms of like Korean culture
I don't know too much about China and
I'm not gonna pretend like I do because
yeah I don't do too much there but I
have like interacted with people on
Korean teams and the Korean players
coming over all seem to have that same
type of at least like inherent respect
like they kind of expect from everyone
in the way that they interacted people
they respect the people that are in
positions of power above them our
position of authority I mean yeah I
don't think any people are definitely
bad at doing that Alec I haven't had
really problem with respect from North
American players but I know that it's
something that exists sure I would just
yeah anyway I'll let mark respond you
know so this is this is actually more of
like a sidestep so I'd say you guys
should finish your combo Carlo if
there's anything else you want what I
was just gonna say like I think it
definitely depends on the organization
and we definitely I think have seen
teams that in different titles as well
like I don't know if it's is just a
league of Legends conversation where
like the best infrastructure does not
always produce the best result Eamon
even as such like we've had rosters that
have like I think not had these issues
that you've talked about domestically
and like not done well on the
international stage I'm still personally
more inclined to believe that like North
America and Europe as regions are not
inherently more incompetent at running
eSports teams than China and Korea I
think that again one of the contributing
factors is yes it is much easier to for
a a person who's perhaps wiser and more
experienced and guided to be able to get
buy-in and instill certain regiments and
values within an organization if that
base is much more open innately to
receiving though yeah but I don't think
it on that point - I don't really think
that the fact that it's harder here is
even like an excuse for a name I think
that as a coach you should be able to
get that type of respect anyways and if
you can't you probably shouldn't
beginning position to be coaching them -
I believe over time that will be
something that exists but we like
eSports is still too young as a space
for us to have developed premier
coaching talent so many of the greatest
coaches in traditional sports and even
other eSports have been former
professional players and like you don't
have like a lot of greats that have
retired and our interest in that yet I
mean we loco toko seems like that's oh
saint vicious as well but that's that's
really about it
I also see like a lot of the all-time
great players who retire become coaches
are not greatest coaches like any good
yeah like fucking Jackson Phil Jackson
was not like a amazing god to your
player but you know one of the most
greatest coaches of all time
Bill Belichick he had a lot of rings
when he was a player yeah but he wasn't
like this yeah yeah yeah I'm like Bill
Belichick never played pro and like you
know I don't I don't think that matters
as much I think like also the whole
infrastructure thing like I do think
there's problems in na
but like you know no one's worse than
Origen and they got into 2015
Sammy's at Worlds yeah mmm yeah I agree
and I think that can help with the fact
that like they're like team player
culture worked well but like yeah that
can happen like you can get the worlds
in your region
no problem like obviously you're there's
gonna be a top team in your region even
if your infrastructure in your region
sucks there still has to be a number one
team it's just that you're never gonna
be able to reach the point that other
regions are reaching where these teams
come in and they're just doing better as
a team and performing better on the like
team play aspect of the game that has
existed almost the exact same way
forever because people suck at building
that because their infrastructure has
different problems there that lead to
bad practice environments whether it's
internally or practice environments with
other teams and I think that trying to
use any of these excuses that people
have used like ping and shit like that
is just like the biggest bullshit excuse
and what all right so we're gonna get to
player base this is where I would love
to hop in because like so far I don't
actually disagree with anything in
arrows thing I'm just not sure that our
infrastructure is substantially and to
be fair we're not substantially worse
than Europe it's a lot of regards either
so I don't I don't blow this too far out
of proportion but what I'd say is like I
linked a graphic to Skype you know if
you can pull it up on stream Travis
that'd be great are you able to can you
link it to me on discord yeah I'll just
put it in the plug chat so people can
see it too and I'll put it on in twitch
chat and hopefully you can pull it up
but like this is like the percentage of
Lowell players by region roughly based
off some API that's probably full of
errors and is not close to 100% accurate
but I think it at least paints an
interesting picture about this and so if
you can't pull it up basically its
percentage of low players by region and
it includes like two for the most part
doesn't include China because trying to
just Dwarfs everyone but like na is 10%
EU Wes is 25% EU East is 14% kr is 20
4% and like I said China's not on here I
think it would dwarf everyone else like
combined so you know forget that for a
moment but like you just see that like
na is is not competitive in terms of
player base it's just not compared to
the other major regions and like you can
talk about Taiwan like why is Taiwan
good and I think that's an interesting
conversation but like what I'd say is
anytime you're trying to like predict
why some like area would be good it's
like basically gonna come down to like
how good you are
like how talented you are at that thing
and how hard you're working and of
course like your environment is another
one but like if you are all roughly
doing the same thing
everyone's roughly just screaming or
whatever it is
and everyone's environments are roughly
the same it's gonna come down to how
hard you work and how talented you are
and we do not have the talent pool to
compete with anyone and we try and
supplant that with imports from other
regions but are we importing enough to
be more talented than other regions I
would argue probably not and then if you
look at are we working harder than other
regions like we definitely work really
hard and in no way am I gonna say like
na doesn't play hard but we're not
working harder than Korea I don't think
there's ever been a time where like the
entire region has worked as hard as the
Korean region like the closest you hear
is like fnatic 2015 TSM 2016 maybe like
those are times that we put in like
quote-unquote Herculean efforts which I
think based off what I know is just the
base standard for Korea and so if we're
not the hardest-working region and we're
not the most talented region like why
would we expect to compete with these
other regions that are China is the most
talented Korea just based off like play
base for every daar dock we find Korea
finds ten EU and in Korea fine too and
so I would say like when I look at it
this way it's not even like why are we
bad it's like well why would we ever be
good well I mean you think you can't put
like at least one team out there that's
definitely gonna compete really hard I
think you gotta get like five good
players right and it just seems like we
can't really do that
at all and I think that should always be
possible like I don't know man
if Brazilian teams are able to apply
like and one insanely good team and csgo
like that happened and then just like
when big major tournaments feel like
it's obviously like just one example
right so it could just be fucking out
later but you know na should be able to
do it especially if we're just chucking
money out like this realistically should
be able to do it if people are making
smart decisions about team building and
then having actual efficient practice
yeah I'm not saying like life by far
like this is I'm just saying like these
are some I think it's a it's not
negligible the fact that our player base
is tiny and like yes you have it
flash wolves and like that's why I was
saying that's why I would love to talk
about them I think that's it interesting
parallel we just definitely shouldn't
expect to have like a lot of good teams
like we should have expect you to put
like five world-class teams out there
but we should yeah it's like why are we
struggling to get out of groups it's
like that's why I think we're struggling
to get out of groups more than anything
is like why would we expect to
consistently get out of groups first
China and Korea and even Europe who has
2.5 times our player base and that was a
year ago and both from all metrics it's
not getting better so I think there's a
lot of things at play but I think yeah
those are two big ones to me is like
when I just like look at like how good
is this person ever gonna become it's
like well how talented are they and how
far are they working at anything and
like I I don't think we're
hardest-working or most talented so I
wouldn't expect us to be the best yeah
and to be clear and narrow I don't I
don't disagree with you at all that we
can't do things better I just don't
necessarily agree that we're doing
things so much worse that it's the
number one reason why our region lacks
behind I think it's more like what Mark
was talking about a narrow thing is
still true I'm not I I don't think I
disagree with anything he said in like
if we're gonna do well like we need to
find our advantage in in this
environment like because it's it's not
gonna be the two things I just laid out
or maybe it will be of working hard if
the whole region goes I mean we're never
going to do well we've already covered
this it's not going to change for the
things that you've already talked about
not there's not some other secret sauce
that is going to put North America or
even Europe ahead and have us be Korea
there are not eSports that Korea loses
when it cares a lot about the game
there hasn't been and until something
changes with China China will be I think
the first region that does it because
their player base is just so massive by
contrast yeah it's it's not gonna be us
since not gonna be Europe but but to an
arrows point like I think there will be
clg's and gigabyte Marines and flash
wolves type situations
CLG 2016 msi specifically we're like
there's no reason that we can't make a
run there's no reason we can't do
Miracle on Ice we're like when you look
at what happened at the people who don't
know what I'm referencing 1980s Olympics
this US team beat Russia and the
Olympics and won the gold medal and it
was like the biggest upset ever people
say in sports and like if you look at
what they did if you watch the movie
they just put in like the most but
fucking insane hours and they approached
practice differently and like their
selection of the players that they took
and all this stuff and they were able to
make it work and I think that's that's
like the situation we find ourselves in
na is not like why is our region not as
good but it's like how can we make those
miracles happen I mean that's happened
once then how many Olympics I mean the
environment it can happen it can happen
like once yeah yeah sure but we're seven
years in not you know decades in and
they expect it to change like fast it's
just like we should be aware that those
types of issues will lead to it never
changing and there people are just happy
you're like alright we'll just do this
and even know like our infrastructure
might suck and practise sucks
let's not really work on fixing it
because fuck it we'll never be a good
team then yeah definitely working on
fixing it though it's not like they
haven't gotten so much better over time
do you think that they aren't trying to
make themselves better from an
infrastructure perspective and putting
more investment in resources and being
harder on themselves as far as the value
that they can provide to players and
sure that they're trying to a certain
extent but I know that some also aren't
trying and aren't necessarily hitting
the right hand yeah well okay not
everybody's team Snickers we got some
TLS out there too I know like I
understand that orgs have like different
views towards what they're approaching
to and some don't want to necessarily be
the best and if that's their business
approach you know you don't have to
respect it
but it's not just a popularity only
contest you're crying these guys
actually want to win
except for TSM who's just about this
done for tonight yeah it's gonna let
them do real for a second oh no I was I
just doing that because like I said yeah
I mean like I I think I agree with an
arrow like there's not enough being done
in the North American scene to offset
the disadvantages that I see
- like consistently put out a great team
or something and so like I I want us to
be more aggressive about trying to
improve and like being more innovative
like as much as I was joking about how
like you can't just say be innovative
and not have real suggestions but like I
want our region to do the things that in
arrows we're talking about before the
things that I said Richard Ori says can
we please get a Snickers emo kelby when
our friends tell you that you are
responsible for that sponsorship getting
fulfilled I want you to know that we've
now got people in the Twitter asking for
Snickers emotes because of alright an
arrow thank you so much for coming
though
yeah no worries man I'll see you guys on
the next one yeah see earlier and arrow
was saying that he was in the shower and
naked listening to the show said that in
twitch chat because people are like you
should call it he's like I'm in the
shower and I don't have clothes on I
can't really call it right now some
people say like I'm a big fan like I
wonder if there's a narrow level big
fear zero might be the biggest hotly
like fan there is
cut mark you got any shoutouts plugs
anything you want to throw out there ah
so I met the part in octopus traveler
where everyone gets together and you do
like the final like mission or something
so I'm excited to see where that goes
other than that I got an offline TV
video coming up this week it should be
pretty hype and that's it
are you are your thoughts on the game
different than did you see donkeys
review no I know you've reviewed it
how long hug it's not very long it's
like it's like four minutes maybe four
and a half minutes what was his general
take on it everyone I've talked to
basically has the same general take he's
admittedly not a big J RPG fan but he
has a lot of issues with like the fact
that I guess you fight like a ton of
level-one mobs and it takes too long to
do like that shit and also like a lot of
the dialogue and storyline just is
really really bad yeah it's like and
objectively I would say as objectively
as you can with writing an objectively
poorly written game okay and you do
literally eight origin stories in a row
right the game out and like well that is
just fucking terrible
and I'm like 60 hours in and like I have
enjoyed a handful I can count on
probably one hand like the amount of
times I enjoyed what the story was
putting in front of me gotcha but I've
played it a lot I really enjoy it like
the combat it's exactly like what you
want it's not exactly what I want I
wanted more secondary class it's like a
I'd give it like a six and a half or a
seven kalbi how's your Treach campaign
going it's going pretty good
we we've we've we've started the
snowball for real now so for context
sake Ohio so for context okay I we don't
need to be so explicit for context we
have a good friend who's a streamer who
I will probably host with the endless
named Finn Ron Jenkins who's a
total war Warhammer - streamer Kelby
found this guy because Kelby got into
total war Warhammer - just like went off
the grid essentially like all our
friends we want to play games hey Kel be
like there were literally he did not to
be clear last week and definitely was a
great guest I'm happy to have him on but
I I enjoy having Cal be on a lot he
brings a lot of energy of the show I
asked him can you come on the show he
said no I'm busy playing total world
Warhammer - he frequently just like
shuts everything off because of this and
it was really bad for a while I think
he's stabilized a little bit has figured
out how to like but let's just say if he
told me he wasn't it twitching anymore
because of total world war hammer - I
would not be surprised and then
essentially if so he told us at the
start anyway Kyle we found this guy
named Fenner on Jenkins who's like one
of the best dudes ever he's got super
educational content talks about total
world war ham or two streams at etc and
then and then I guess what happened fan
ron was teasing you saying like you
couldn't do Treach on legendary who's
one of the lords you can play I was I
asked a couple times what the next
campaign I should do is and both times
said like what do you think about doing
Treach and he's like if you haven't
played Skaven he's really tough man I
wouldn't do Treach if I were you yeah
and he was right to be clear cuz you
hated your life while you were beginning
that campaign I'm on my 9th attempt okay
alright and things are moving but so in
other words like maybe a different scape
and Lord would have been a better option
I probably put about 25 hours into the
eight other attempts prior to being able
to get to this point in this attempt
yeah
has has anyone played nine parchments
mm-hmm it looks like a Magica type game
where there's like a bunch of like co-op
spells and shit and you combine what the
spells do okay how is that relevant to
this conversation I just saw something
about it I just wanted anyone played it
I mean we were kind of bullshitting at
the end here how does total or wherever
- Treach have anything to do with
hotline leak anyway so I just for
context on why we talk about
this game so much on the show now I I
did a deal with fen rond because I
really liked a stream but never
literally understood anything that was
happening on the stream and because he's
so educational we said we would Co
stream one night and he would teach me
how to playing and so we did that for
about two hours or so and then I was
like okay thanks dude and then the next
day I woke up and just opened up total
Warhammer - it's pretty much the only
thing I do with my free time these days
it is a very addicting game and I was
thrilled when I was listening to the
marc mero podcast and he was talking
about how that's one of the games that
he plays he says he plays a ton of it so
yeah I'll probably get into wow somebody
says surprise us son Dunn says surprise
bite no wow I'm sure that'll hit me soon
but Ark is uh is offline not doing there
mafia stream tonight cuz normally you're
like alright guys last call our last
caller we go well what that's happened
once you guys do mafia streams yeah we
have three mafia videos on our YouTube
channel you should check them out dude
oh I like mafia but if it's not a stream
like I don't know about is it is it the
entire cut or is it edited it's edited
to get rid of like the boring parts
we're like talking in circles and stuff
so they're all like she got it you gotta
have that in there it's important man
well then check out the the full stream
ones yeah people's YouTube channel or on
twitch channels yeah I need to uh my
shoutouts plugs here at the end so no
we're way over time The Omen Gigi well
good game well played comes out on
Wednesday the show that I'm doing with
them and bio frost you guys thought
might have seen the trailer earlier if
you were around at the beginning the
show please check it out please help
spread the word really want to prove
that you could have a lot of stuff done
and on just around one person secondly
tomorrow I am filming the second set of
interviews for a show that I am doing
that's unannounced but I love just
talking about stuff that's unannounced
it will hopefully debut next week and
one of the interviews I did is top 10
interview I've done in my career for me
personally one of my favorites so it's
it's a 8 episode series I'm gonna be an
singing it in the next week or so and
hopefully the first episode will debut
next week but I'm really excited about
this content I think it's really good
other than that thanks everyone for
sticking around for watching the show is
great to have Kelby here great to have
mark I guess and that's the show episode
38 is in the can